[DOC] Recommendation when using a lot of metrics filters (#61)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-metrics: docs/index.asciidoc

The default lengths of the event rate window (1, 5, and 15 minutes)
can be configured with the `rates` option.

> IMPORTANT: When using several `metrics` filters (in particular the `timer`), it might
> become necessary to increase the `Xss` setting in `jvm.options` to avoid `StackOverflowException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If you see `StackOverflowException` erors and are using several `metrics` filters (the `timer` in particular ), try increasing the `Xss` setting in `jvm.options`.
```

Reviewer: Consider rewording as a remedy IF a user sees this problem rather than tempting people to fiddle with jvm settings without need?

Reviewer 2: It's not clear to me why the `StackOverflowException` happens more if they use the particular `timer` setting. The `StackOverflowException` is a general problem, it's related to the way Logstash plans the execution of a pipeline.

Explaining better what I mean: suppose the pipeline is configured with 2 filters, `I -> F1 - F2 -> O`, the execution plan is:
- execute F1
- it's F1 that invokes the execution of F2, so it's like `F2(F1())` (NB this is formally incorrect, but it's useful to explain the nesting of the calls)

Every filter count as a stack frame in the execution thread's stack. So this comment is more general in Logstash execution context, it's not specific to this plugin; the `tip` is part of the general Logstash documentation, where it's already discussed https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/jvm-settings.html#stacks-size
